VACMS-000 configure xdebug3 and connect to VScode. (#4525)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-cms: READMES/debugging.md

            * Go to Settings > Languages & Frameworks > PHP. Press "..." button next to CLI interpreter to open interpreter settings.
            * If "Additional > Debugger extension" field is empty, add a path to debugger extension manually. Press `i` (Show phpinfo) button next to PHP executable to find debugger extension path. Look for `extension_dir` variable. Add `xdebug.so` and save this value in "Debugger extension" field. E.g. `/usr/local/lib/php/extensions/no-debug-non-zts-20160303/xdebug.so`.
    * VS Code

>         * Details are here on [lando docs](https://docs.lando.dev/guides/lando-with-vscode.html#getting-started), however, all the php.ini extras have already been added.  And .vscode/launch.json is already configured as part of this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * Open debug panel, then select "Listen for XDebug" and click green arrow to start. Add breakpoints as needed and reload Drupal page in browser. VSCode and XDebug settings have been preconfigured according to [Lando docs](https://docs.lando.dev/guides/lando-with-vscode.html#getting-started).
```
